---
title: 口语99句
tags:
    - 雅思 
---
# 做什么
What do you do at home during the weekend?
Generally, I make chinese food, climbing mountains, shopping and reading liturary books. I like to read classical Chinese classics, such as Dream of the Red Chamber. The love story in the novel is impressive.
Which literary works of Shakespeare do you like best?
Romieo and Juliet, the love story in the novel is impressive.


# 买东西
1. Have you ever been to Hong Kong? 
Yes, I have been to Hong Kong four or five times, and every time I went there for shopping
2. What do you often go to Hongkong to buy？
   **I go shopping for cosmetics and clothes pretty often.**
   **I go shopping for electronic products pretty often,** because of the tariff, Hongkong's electronic products are very cheap.
3. What do you often buy at the supermarket?
**I go to the supermarket to buy some chocolate quite regularly/on a quite regular basis,something like 2 or 3 times a week, coz I’m a chocolate fiend.**
4. What do you usually do at rest time?
**I do some reading every single day because it’s my favorite pastime. Reading helps me unwind.**(比如红楼梦...)  such as Dream of the Red Chamber. The love story in the novel is impressive.
5. What is your farvarite music star?
**Eason is a megastar in China and I listen to his songs on a daily basis. His music is enchanting.**
6. Do you dream at night?
Yes, I often dream,**I have a nightmare from time to time/occasionally/once in a while, which is a real pain in the neck.**
 a real pain in the neck:真是个讨厌的家伙。
7. If your friend's birthday, will you give him a gift??
**I wish I could, but in fact, I seldom/hardly ever buy my friends expensive gifts coz I make peanuts.**
8. If you are in a bad mood, what will you do?
**I read newspapers once in a blue moon because I only try to get up to speed on what’s going on in the world through social media.**
# [每日积累“背三句”- “对比”表达](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzA3NjQwNzQwNw==&mid=2651063144&idx=1&sn=6a161d6b377e1138d0804c0cbdd4d32d&chksm=84911468b3e69d7e0bfa04d7770d364e375078e6349f9744af109e6addc0dec19fafd667102e&mpshare=1&scene=1&srcid=0420joiX82Z83WJEdFODFhvN#rd)
1. Please state the pros and cons of industrial farming
Industrial farming has improved the efficiency of farming, **Although factory farming may be more profitable, there are major doubts about it’s morality.** 
2. Now almost every household has a private car. What do you think about it?
  Cars make it easier for people to travel and make people's communication more and more frequent. **While the car may be the most popular form of transport, it also causes the most pollution.** The exhaust emissions of automobiles contain a large amount of toxic substances, polluting the environment and injuring human health.
3. Mass tourism makes the tourist area full of rubbish, What do you think about it?
  Despite the fact that mass tourism makes rubbish all over the place, the ecological environment around the tourist area may be degraded. **No matter how harmful it is to the environment, mass tourism should still be encouraged.** After all, traveling can make people keep fit and promote the economic growth around the tourist area. If tourists can follow social morality and pay attention to the health of tourist areas, I believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.